Hello dear friends today with
one judge will show you how to put something
should the mattress of the 15th that we need
This is the most craft 152 and cheat nodus on to
we put a cheat on Yamada go to the folder
from minecraft we write start
percentage date percentage so wrong
through and also about color and percentage
go in daddy. maykravt and how
see we have now turned red at me
there is something extra button
now let's go mantra
which percent you found is necessary.
percent appdata percent now looking
we go. maynkravt ben we press right
a button on minecraft open using
winrar archiver
will also be able to hide a little lag
because if we are through the program
bandicam
so now we go in and delete
Meta-inf deepened you for the Senate to have
enter now close
so platz take out so now we go
Hard to do was mine craft. jar
throw the game here
where we opened ported here and
we move its replacement and all of us but
soul they will not update it so
so and all we have hair he wants to create
mine show briefly all
how everything is
so it booted up and lags significantly
minimax
but I know that it will still lag
because i'm filming were still a teacher
the bandicam program is not the game itself just
the tap area of ​​this varnish is very power
so click on the letter m and we
opens the menu itself with our
it is necessary with here we have x one-time
Click on the small letter x or chernushku us
opens x and so now we will leave
lower down
what was that push on the letter a
Russian it becomes all number
and if we once again angle y and click the timer
then we had everything everything everything everything everything everything quickly
go yes yes of course scientific
use in normal on servers by
will kick
and now there is such a bullshit what if we
now
write the game one click on the letter in
doll then fly away wherever
mules you are friends moisture and cruel
invest then I have already completed my
pattern on how to put the chip
subscribe to my channel put like
bye everyone